Update Task List template (#907)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> ## Fixes

Reviewer: Would this be more of a new feature? With a heading of "The task list pattern is now clearer about incomplete tasks"? Not sure - happy either way.

### Updated task list template

> The task list pattern has been updated with changes to the [task list pattern in the Design System](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/patterns/task-list-pages/).

Reviewer: I think it's worth explaining the change a bit here. Something like: "The [task list pattern has been updated in the Design System] to make it clearer which tasks users still need to do."

> If you're upgrading from an older version, in `app/assets/sass/patterns/task-list.scss` add the line `.app-task-list__tag,` before `.app-task-list__task-completed {`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're updating from an older version, in your `app/assets/sass/patterns/task-list.scss` file add the line `.app-task-list__tag,` before `.app-task-list__task-completed {`:
```

Slight tweak for clarity / consistency.

```scss
.app-task-list__tag,
.app-task-list__task-completed {
```

> [#907 Update Task List template](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/pull/907)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was added in pull request [#907: Update Task List template](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/pull/907)
```

Just a tweak to match the new style we used in FE 3.7.0.
